# Avarova Donz

For the record, my awakening has nothing to do with the competition...

However, directly or after these two transitions, there is a long period of gender dysphoria. People who have faced depression or anxiety probably know that, if you just don’t think about this kind of thing and fill up your time, there is generally no way to relieve it. To practice, this is better than not knowing what to do, and it is much more uncomfortable. Moreover, I can't bear the anxiety to such an extent that after the first turning point, many dreams and many fantasies made me usher in the second turning point.

On June 16, 2022, I made the decision to start all this and not look back, and I bought some medicines from friends I knew and bought others from Meituan. Then, everything starts. Once it starts, don't look back, and you will lose the room to turn back. Basically, it didn't take long for the mentality to change. As for the physical changes, it was the same as before. The chest was sore, and the lower abdomen had a certain degree of pain. After that, it was confirmed that the upper bust had increased significantly and the skin It got better, and the hair quality has also changed. Although the body hair has not decreased, it has indeed become thinner (visible to the naked eye), and the face seems to have become fatter...?

Well, the effect is still relatively obvious, although in most cases, the effect is reversible, but I think it will take a lot of time to offset these effects.

It was around July 2 that I made the decision to come out. It really felt like I was on the battlefield, so I made a little preparation and took my parents to the psychiatrist who had been in the psychiatry for two years. Doctor, I think this minimizes cabinet risk. However, I overlooked a big environment, that place is stability, and doctors are not very accepting of this situation. However, because he is a well-known doctor, he tried his best to help me communicate with my parents. However, I made two big mistakes. First, this doctor has no experience in this situation, or , he may have only seen one, and that person was very emotional, and when I explained it, I was crying but very calm; second, my parents were born in the 70s, and their receptivity was 0, and even belonged to the kind of people who despise homosexuality and feel that homosexuality Disgusting and unhappy people.

But the doctor kept comforting me when I was crying, he made me understand that there is nothing wrong with feeling like a girl.

All of this may have to start from kindergarten. One day, it should be a holiday or some activity, and only a few children went to kindergarten. If my memory is correct, they are all girls. Then, I naturally meet They played together, everything, and from that moment on, before the awakening of gender consciousness, I knew that I belonged to them.

However, when I was in elementary school, in the first and second grades, my interpersonal skills were not that strong (actually, the real interpersonal communication is to enter a junior high school where I didn't know a classmate), so I made my first friend. The time is probably the second half of the first grade. She is a very lively and cheerful girl. To this day, I can still contact her, but everything has not been smooth sailing. This friendship has faced several near-breaks, but well, plastic sisterhood, it's nothing.

Later, when the gender consciousness awakened, my identification with me was, of course, female. From that day on, I was destined to be a performer in my own home and school. After all, once this kind of thing is discovered, it is likely to become a tragedy (what happened later also verified my statement).

Looking back, deceiving family members and friends is probably the last thing I want to do, and it is also the most difficult, and I have faced the edge of the cabinet and the cabinet a few times. Pretend to be a stranger you don't know or understand. Trust me, this is definitely not a taste. Who doesn't want to be coquettish to the parents, at least, when I was cute before, I had the capital to go to the parents to be coquettish. But I hardly did that to my parents in order not to turn myself into a tragedy.

Well, since elementary school I've been pretending to be someone I don't know, don't understand, and don't want to be. I really envy them, and, if there is a choice, I believe that no one chooses to be transgender. This road is paved with tears and abuse.

Of course, I also doubted myself when I was in elementary school, mainly because I had feelings for a girl next to me, so I began to doubt myself, and later, I found out that I was just a lily, and this problem was easily solved. . But I really doubted myself at the time.

When I was about to graduate from elementary school, I made my first decision to eat Progynova, but well...actually, it was useless. After learning that I might be sexually precocious, I gave up.

In junior high school, although the interpersonal skills have improved, but also, due to interest reasons, there are no close friends.

However, I did try hormone drugs several times in junior high school, but in the end, I was forced to stop because of economic and physical reasons, or because my parents found out. The amazing thing is that when I use Androcur and Progynova, I have severe pain in the lower abdomen and chest, which can cause me unable to sleep.

In high school, maybe my deskmate smelled friendly in me, so I was pulled into her social circle.

I think a big turning point for me happened during the third grade online class, when I got Androcur again. How should I put it, this time should be in the middle of adolescence, although it was only a short ten days, but I felt a sense of surprise. Kind of, relieved, I have never had that before (maybe it was before puberty, so there was no hormonal change), that is my own feeling, this kind of feeling has appeared more frequently in mine for a while, but , that's ten days. I admit that there are significant risks associated with casual use of prescription hormonal drugs. And the commonly used doses circulated at that time were also very different, from 12.5-100mg of Androcur seems to be used. Apparently I'm using the minimum 12.5/day. However, there were many people who persuaded me to quit the circle at that time, but because of my determination, I did not quit. I finally stopped the drug because my parents found out. Then, I went to Anding Hospital, where I took psychotropic drugs for my parents for two years.

The second turning point is June 16 this year (2022). From June 16 to mid-July this year, I am full of sugar, and I can clearly perceive that familiar comfort, and anxiety does have Weakened a lot, so the final exam is also ideal.

However, what followed was that life gradually lost some hope. When my parents understood all this and put some of the less-boyish things that happened before, my mother felt extremely desperate, she Yelling at me directly in front of the doctor in the hospital, and the doctor told me to calm down after seeing my mother's behavior. Before I walked out of the consultation room, tears flowed from my eyes. My mother, I rarely see her punish herself with my behavior, and she basically doesn't need to punish herself for the behavior of others. And, this time, no one was at fault, and she punished himself for it. I asked the doctor to hint to my mother not to let my father know about this kind of thing. And then, in the car back home from the hospital, I was on the phone, humiliated by my father to a great disgrace. However, am I doing something wrong? If even being your self is called a kind of fault, then what's the point of acting out a "stranger" life that is extremely uncomfortable against your will? In that case, it is better to die and be happy. In that case, death may be a permanent relief, and it is always better than the deepest pain in the soul. I hate that you are born to be what you looks like.

I really can't hold back. The emotional collapse is like dominoes, one by one falling down, and through the network effect, it affects everyone who sees it without diminishing. The more dominoes that collapse, the greater the pressure on the person who sees it. One or two may be fine, but when the power of hundreds of cards is combined... I can't say.

At this time, I turn to the community for help. Your parents don't understand you, they don't accept you, they don't trust you. Your sister doesn't understand you. This society discriminates against you, it is difficult for people to understand why a healthy person feels useless and depressed, they think that I am hurting spring and autumn, or, some people think that gender anxiety is just a reason not to study 7*24 hours, In fact, my study time and efficiency have not decreased, but their expectations of me have been rising. However, at this time, only the community and my girlfriends stand with me. However, as a person who was born a girl, my best friend can't understand why I think this way, but she can accept me and do everything possible to support me and help me.

But the vast majority of people in the community experience this kind of grievance and anxiety. Therefore, we can better understand each other and talk to each other, and some people make suggestions. It is necessary to understand that a person who has just been greatly impacted, even if there is a little comfort, it is also a kind of hope for her. And hope was what I needed the most.

Therefore, during that time, I frequently sought comfort and confidence in the community, which also created me. After a while, the community was discovered by the parents, and the domestic violence became more violent, the result of losing the trust of the parents, and being suspicious of the character.

# Not Finished